My biological life is this palace of ruins, and I have been here for ten years.
I have to hurry over and help her.
Mengya, the chairman has just become a director,
You have no management experience at all in Qiuju Abroad.
It's too early to accept God's message,
I recommend that the board of directors elect an executive director,
to manage the group,
After bringing Mengya up, he will take over as chairman.
Right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right,
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Meng Ya
We also do it for the good of the trial
Look at Zhou Hao
Just joined the board of directors half a year ago
Just place the eleventh order first
only this
Young, promising and capable person
Only then can you lead the longevity system
Walk back to Huang
Do you think so?
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes
next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next. next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next next. next issue next issue next issue next issue next issue next issue next issue next issue next issue next issue next issue next issue next issue next issue next issue next issue next issue next issue next issue next issue next issue next issue next issue next issue next issue next issue next issue next issue next issue